Title.

here to present you with Rover X unique
and Innovative the master Rover inspired
educational toy aims to provide high
school students with a fun and
Interactive Learning Experience this
project was created to address the
problem of high school students lack of
Engagement with stem subjects. It's
common knowledge that these subjects are
essential for the development of future
technology engineering and science
leaders.

Slide 1

The motivation behind the
project is to create an educational toy
based on a material that can move
autonomously through a predefined
pattern different levels of difficulty
will be associated with the toy and
students can purchase different add-ons
based on the topics or difficulties they
wish to practice.

Slide 2

The base design of the
training will be able to
automatically move following a
predetermined pattern and the following
levels of difficulty associated with the
toy students will be able to control the
Rover manually through an app. 
level one
this level teaches students a
fundamental of app development and
programming students at level 2 will be
able to construct a solar charging
station for the mass Rover this level
teaches students the fundamental of
solar energy and Power Systems finally
in level 3 the students will be able to
identify different colors of a tennis
ball introducing basic concepts in
computer vision and image processing by
the end of the project the goal is to
achieve several objectives.

Objectives: first they project things to create an educational
toy that is fun interactive and engaging
for high school students second the
project brings to inspire to motivate
students to pursue careers in stem
fields and finally their project aims to
introduce students to the basics of
subjects that are not covered in school

Slide 3
we are a team of undergraduate
electrical and electronic engineering
students who have noticed there's a gap
in the market before coming to UNI we
all felt like we had little to low
exposure with Hands-On projects
involving Electronics due to a lack of
opportunities presented to us at school
as a result there was a big jump from
school to UNI with a lot of us not
having experience or knowing what to
expect we hope that this product can be
used in various ways a key purpose is to
be used as an enrichment tool both in
and outside of school furthermore the
different levels can be used to Target
children of different ages and to allow
them to gradually work their way up the
levels as they become more confident and
gradually expand their skill set it will
also allow them to Target certain skills
which can then be used to building
things like the learn to the classroom
we also believe it's more accessible
than products in America which have a
similar idea such as LEGO Mindstorms as
we were planning to price it lower
furthermore unlike mind Stones it allows
for the toy to be tailored for use by a
certain age or to Target specific skills
rather than paying a lot in one go to
have access to a lot of components this
can often be overwhelming to kids and as
a result we have taken a more
incremental approach 

Slide 4
we hope to launch
this product in the market by November
2023. this would allow us to Target
schools ahead of the new year and
furthermore it will provide an
opportunity for individuals to buy the
product as a gift during the build up to
Christmas.

Slide 5
Our Market Size
investing in our startup is a smart move
because the educational robot Market is
growing rapidly according to the
educational roguebook global market
report 2023 the market size is expected
to be 1.72 billion dollars in 2023 with
a compound annual growth rate of 18.8
percent this Market is projected 3.37
billion dollars by 2027. in the UK alone
the market for educational robot toys
has already reached over 500 million
pounds 

Slide 6
our startup is on a mission to
capture a share of the educational robot
toy Market by targeting a specific
demographic that's been largely
overlooked by our competitors While most
of our competitors such as Lego Sphero
focus on children aged 5 to 12 there's
still a huge Market gap for secondary
school students aged 12 to 18. that's
what our Mars Rover education toy comes
in it's uniquely positioned to provide
high school students with an exciting
and Hands-On way to learn about
different engineering topics coding and
space exploration by investing in our
startup you'll be able to capitalize on
this growing market and help us Inspire
and educate the next generation of
explorers and Engineers don't miss out
on this opportunity to be a part of
something special invest in our start
dub today

Slide 7
our startup is headquartered in London
and our starting Market will be in the
UK we will expand to Spain in 2024 China
where we manufacture in 2025 and the US
in 2026.

SLide 8
our Revenue will primarily come from the
sales of the base rubber design kit and
the different add-on projects the
product can be sold through an online
storage which can be set up using
e-commerce platforms such as Shopify or
Amazon Partnerships will be established
with secondary schools to provide the
Mars rover education toy as part of
their curriculum or extracurricular
activities Revenue can be generated
through bulk saves to schools or through
licensing fees for the use of the
product in the classroom

Slide 9
SWOT analysis is a simple powerful tool
that allows us to identify the strengths
weaknesses opportunities and threats of
our project this analysis helps us to
capitalize on our strengths while
identifying and mitigating our
weaknesses our impressive strengths
include our educational value the Mars
rubber toy can teach students about
engineering Robotics and other stem
subjects the toy is fun and engaging
which can help to motivate them to learn
it is also modular allowing children to
experiment with different add-ons the
weaknesses we have on our aiming to
mitigate are our price we understand
that our product may be considered
expensive by some customers which limit
its accessibility to some family our
visibility our startup brand is not yet
established in the toy industry there
are many opportunities for aim to
benefit from the toikabi market data as
a tie into educational programs programs
the success of the Tokyo link to the
development of additional space themes
decoration Choice which could broaden
the appeal of the brand part of doing
with large organizations such as NASA
Earth's Basics could help us to increase
the credibility of the toy and attract
more customers last we have some threats
we have some competition there are
somewhat similar educational toys and
advances in technology could make the
March Rover toy less impressive.

Slide 10
with a clear roadmap a budget for each
stage of the project the three month
design stage will cost around 300K
pounds providing a solid foundation for
the Mars rover education toy and the
three months prototype stage will cost
around 480k and cover materials
manufacturing and labor for a fully
functional products ready to be tested
and brought into the market.

Slide 11
in design stage we have broken down the course
into four main categories Personnel
course material and supplies equipment
course and legal administrative cost
Personnel costs will cover the majority
of the design stage project accounting
for 81 this investment will allow us to
hire free experienced Engineers who will
support and design our product by
bringing in experts into this field
we'll be able to ensure that the master
over educational is designed to the
highest standards both in terms of
functionality and educational value as
we move towards the Prototype stage for
our Mass Rover education toy we have
expanded our course breakdown to include
the critical expenses such as testing
and validation course to ensure
reliability documentation costs for
Clear instructions and Manufacturing
calls for Productions with these
expenses covered it will be one step
closer to providing high school students
with an exciting and hand-on way to
learn about robotics coding and space
exploration through our Mass Rover
education toy.

Slide 12
in the development and testing costs we
have carefully considered all the
necessary expenses which include fees
for Prototype design and prototype
testing and validation we are also
planning to hire interns at a specialty
testing agency to assist with the
testing process which will help us keep
calls downed without compromising on
quality and to calculate the cost per
product we have taken into account
various factors 

Slide 13
including material costs
production course administrative costs
and distribution costs for example the
administrative course cover overhead
expenses such as office rents insurance
and salaries for admin staff finally
distribution costs include expenses
related to shipping and handling 

Slide 14
as well as marketing and sales calls hence we
estimate that the total cost per kids is
approximately 11.58 on average this
course includes Auto expense necessary
to deliver high quality projects to our
customers while still maintaining a
reasonable profit margin for our company
after carefully calculating our cost per
kit 

Slide 15
we estimate that we can sell each
masterful education toy for
approximately 41.75 pounds which results
in an estimating profits of 30.17 pounds
per product sold this profit margins
Takens into account of all our estimated
costs as well as a reasonable markup to
ensure that our business remains
profitable and sustainable over at the
long term

Slide 16
channels to identify and address any
potential design or manufacturing issues
as soon as possible we also acknowledge
that the product may not meet Market
romance but we will conduct thorough
market research to identify the unique
needs and preferences of our target
audience we will develop an effective
quality control issues may result in a
product that doesn't mean the quality
standards for school use we will
mitigate these by implementing quality
control measures conduct regular
inspections to meet all critical product
specifications and test the product
thoroughly to ensure that it meet the
seed standards we'll make necessary
designer manufacturing changes based on
the inspection and testing results
issues in the supply chain or shortages
of resources may lead to delays in
manufacturing too we will develop a
contingency plan for resource allocation
and collaborate closely with suppliers
to ensure timely Supply as well as
having backups we have identified and
addressed potential resources early
delays in manufacturing or testing may
impact the overall project timeline and
delay the launch of the product we will
develop a detailed project schedule that
accounts for potential delays and
includes contingency plans continuously
monitor progress against the schedule
and adjust the schedule and contingency
plans as necessary we also acknowledge
that there may there may be unforeseen
designer Manufacturing issues that may
cause delays in the schedule do we will
develop a comprehensive risk marketing
plan including targeted Outreach
promotions and ads we will continue to
monitor Market feedback and adjust as
necessary
before commenting with the project we
will provide a comprehensive deliverable

Slide 17
plan outlining all our mile stones and
deliverables throughout the project
cycle we will start with the initial
working prototype and mocking up
preliminary specifications drawing and
sketches including materials dimensions
and product production methods this will
then lead to our complete project plan
which will include a breakdown of what
must be achieved and by when our
technical specs and virtual model will
help to ensure that the investors have a
sound understanding of the product
thorough testing is essential as it is a
product that's going to be placed on the
market and we need to ensure that
there's no electrical hazards or general
safety hazards Extra Care must be taken
as it is aimed at children and finally
validation tests will help ensure the
product needs its purpose and the
stakeholders needs it was a breakdown of
the costs that we incurred during the
development process 

Slide 18

salaries will need
to be paid to lead members of the
startup and hired contractors such as
the web developers and to employees
trained to maintain the Machinery to
help with the general upkeep and ensure
everything is running speedly alongside
to manufacturers that are hired to help
produce our product buildings will be
needed to be hired such as office space
and warehouse space and materials and
Equipment include raw materials needed
for production the packaging costs
machinery and equipment hiring factories
and shipping costs from the factory to
us as the customer will be paying for
the cost between us and Them energy and
utilities will include those using the
office space and by the Machinery in the
manufacturing process and alongside
Transportation costs marketing and
advertising can be split into two
subsections including costs associated
with content creation and with uploading
advertisements

Slide 19
Who we are.
so our startup currently consists of
five members they will each behind a key
role as follows so our CEO is Kelvin and
he is responsible for our business's
overall direction and makes the major
corporate decisions and manages our
overall operations and resources he's
the main point of communication between
the company and externals our CEO is me
Tanya and I'm in charge of day-to-day
operations and processes in place
towards businesses businesses overall
Vision the CFO is Gonzalo and he is
responsible for the financial health of
the business he analyzes and reviews
financial data reports in financial
performance and carries out the
budgeting our CMOS Patricia and she's
responsible for Planning Development and
implementation of our marketing strategy
she this includes the market research
pricing advertising and any
Communications involved our CTO is
Christina and she helps lead the tech
and engineering department and she is
responsible for developing the tech
processes following hierarchy for the
design stage 

Slide 20: Rationale
Kelvin is our CEO who has
strong leadership skills vision and the
ability to make tough decisions in the
rapidly changing business environment he
was a co-founder of a company and
managed to get funding from is Andrew
investors and successfully allows his
startup so we decided that Kelvin is the
right person to lead our team then we
have the rest of our management board
with Tanya Bean chief operation officer
Tanya understands the company's
operations and can effectively manage
their organization's day-to-day
functions she has strategic thinking and
great problem solving skills she
developed all of these skills while
while taking a position of eso president
she manages the administrative team
which consists of office manager and
executive assistant
Gonzalo is our Chief Financial Officer
who can effectively manage the financial
affairs of our company and provide
strategic Financial guidance to the
executive team Gonzalo has very strong
analytical skills which helps him to use
data and financial information to make
informed decisions and identify
opportunities for growth and Improvement
additionally Gonzalo got the highest
grade for accounting so he is the best
candidate for this role Patricia is our
chief marketing officer because she has
a strong combination of strategic
analytical creative and interpersonal
skills to lead a company's marketing
efforts to drive to drive growth
she has very good collaboration skills
and loves working with people Patricia
manages marketing team and the sales
team which consists of digital marketing
director and sales manager and I am the
chief technical officer because I have
deep technical understanding of the
project and pay great attention to
detail I took leading roles in multiple
engineering projects where I develop
various technical skills that can be
easily transferred and applied in any
engineering projects I manage the
engineering team which consists of lead
engineer senior engineer and Junior
engineer for the prototyping stage we
would employ more people in the
engineering team as well as marketing
and sales team in order to work more
efficiently and start selling faster.

Slide 21
we will also be hiring externals such as
a web developer to help us build and
retain a web app which can then be used
alongside our product they will also
help with our website where our products
will be available to purchase alongside
access to specifications warehouse
workers will also be hired to oversee
production and handle the Machinery
whilst lawyers will also ensure that our
patents and legal Logistics are all
sorted out and are in order

Slide 22
so here is the Gantt chart showing our
post timeline for the products
development and launch over the upcoming
year

Slide 23
we did not have a very strong emphasis
on documentation worked rather on
delivering the product as soon as
possible and iteratively made
adjustments to our project as we went
along so our project model was more like
agile with regular scrum meetings and
intensive Sprints where Kelvin was our
scrum master and we collaborated to
improve our project idea
as for communication of changes we
decided to put our suggestions or
concerns on the table straight away in
the beginning of our scrum meetings and
then we collaboratively made a decision

Slide 24
our break-even analysis shows that we
need to sell around 40 000 kids to reach
the break-even point which translates to
1.88 million in Revenue
this is a reasonable Target considering
the size of the market and the unique
offering of projects in an education
robot toy space
with the cost per kit of 11.58 pounds
and an estimated profit of 30.17 pounds
per kids we are confident in the
potential of our business

Slide 25
based on our financial projections we
anticipate achieving sustained net
profits by 2026 with a project on
profits of 3 million by 2029 with a
solid business plan and Innovative
products and a growing Market we believe
that our company has the potential for
substantial growth and long-term success
by investing in our business you will
not only by supporting a promising
Venture but also stand to benefits from
significance Returns on your investment
of course our business model is not only
focused on the profitability but also on
generating value for our investors.

Slide 26
with a 20 internal rates of return and a
five-year payback periods investing to
our company is a smart choice

Slide 27
we are aiming to build a 670 gram robot
with a similar size to a book or a diary
the main chassis is going to be built of
aluminum due to structural properties as
well as the impact of it it creates to
the environment our educational toy
comes with a comprehensive set of
educational materials including manuals
tutorials and lesson plans to guide
users throughout the project as well as
advising of safety houses and conduct
use of the robot before releasing our
Martian inspired educational Authority

Slide 28
we will conduct extensive user testing
to ensure its safety efficacy and user
friendliness we will seek the assistance
of experts in the field of Robotics to
test the efficiency and validity of the
robot design ensuring that it functions
properly and provides students with a
beneficial learning opportunity finally
we will conduct user testing with high
school students in order to obtain their
feedback and ensure that data is both
enjoyable and engaging this testing will
allow us to fine-tune the design of a
toy and ensure that an ensure that it
meets the needs and expectations of our
Target demographic.

Slide 29
the robot's bill of materials estimate the raw cost of the
materials our base model production is
5000 units and the total amount total
spent is of 21 838 pounds resulting in a
cost per product of 3.97 pounds we also
have to take into account that these
costs exclude the indirect costs like
labor manufacturing or energy on top of
this as shown in an add-on spell of
materials we can see that as complexity
increases the kit price increases.

Slide 30
to help us achieve our mission of inspiring
and educating the next generation of
explorers and engineers
we are seeking of a total of 1 million
or in funding to cover our expenses and
fill our growth by investing in role for
X you are not only investing in the
future of education but also the future
of space exploration rule learning out of this world. Thank you.